Hi!
I'm very excited to have you in this course.
In this course, you will learn how to
connect Angular2 as a front end,
with Node.js, Express, and mongoDB as a back end.
Now this combination, with Angular1 of course,
was already pretty popular in the past,
and therefore the next logical step is to use Angular2.
Throughout this course,
we'll both work on an overarching project, or application,
there are the individual pieces of Angular2,
working together with Node.js, will be taught step by step.
In the next modules,
I will start with refreshers on Node.js, mongoDB,
and Angular2,
but in these modules I will already start
with the project too, which of course,
needs a basic front end and a basic back end.
So if you feel like you don't need refreshers,
you may very well skip ahead to the module
which is actually about connecting Angular2 and Node.js,
but make sure to download the latest state of the project,
which will always be attached
to the first lecture in a module.
The application we both build,
will be a little social network or messenger like app.
Where we will be able to sign up as a user,
sign in of course, and then create messages,
new messages, and of course edit or delete messages.
Though, only our own ones.
And this will also be a key part of this course.
Authentication, authorization.
You will learn how to implement authentication
in an Angular2 and Node.js app,
and how to make sure that only authenticated users
may access certain routes on your back end,
as well as only users who create the message
are able to delete it, for example.
We will finish all of this with error handling,
to not only log an error to the console,
or let it drop into the void,
but to actually show it to the user.
Now of course this course covers
a lot of other concepts too,
so enough of the talking, let's get started.